[Music]
[Applause]
hmm another tick-tock
that's right everybody I'm the only one
that can make these videos the kids have
gone to take a compilation number 25
No stop it this is the only one that
can't oh you think I look amazing and
attractive it must be what I'm wearing
that's right everybody want to find your
epic gamer girl all you gotta do is go
to ugly Christmas sweaters comma slash
Peter pies we're and you as well well
let this get we have a PewDiePie sweater
Peter pie launch pants pants and hat -
socks and socks -
I am inside my sub wait what if I do
this okay I know I said this before but
now it finally happened
tick tock has finally reached its peak
yeah damn I never been so turned on in
my life my first gift wait a little like
this and twist and twist my best kiss
waited little like this and twist and
quit calling on my gamer girls if you
can really make me a good sandwich then
do what this I might just eat you oh wow
that looks delicious
wait is that Logan Paul and March this
should be good
food we're logan paul march on
ironically when you can wear pewdiepie
merch who would wear something like
Logan Palmer's when you can wear
something that you can actually wear
outside in front of other people without
getting bullied hey guys it's me
I noticed you unfollowed me why am I
here this was in BTS Sun fall at me I
never forget it that's that's okay I
guess it must been psych a miss click
something but if you follow me back
though I'll give you this free frisbee
and also I have nothing crying they
offer still stands BTS please BTS you
follow me again I'll swear I'll be good
I haven't had a controversy in the last
couple of months at least you gotta
appreciate how creative these people are
never have kids been so created as when
tick tock Kim I don't even do that how
does he even freaking do that this is so
good they're getting better - that's the
thing you know you hear that I'm already
tracer joke for the 500th time and I
didn't think I'd still chuckle oh my god
you're right sweetie I'm not cute is
that market play
I'm drop-dead gorgeous oh damn marki
move more like Marky please poo on me
damn
is that talking about tick-tock is the
new vine I'm happy I'm okay with me it's
here and it's here to stay guide to me
now all we got to do is make all the
Rhine refugees merge - tick tock instead
so we can make fun of them and then we
have even more content Lily come on what
are you doing get on tick tock please if
you're white if you're black if you're
trans if you're gay if you're lesbian
it's okay cuz everybody has something in
common and what we have in common is we
don't think Lele pons is funny she's not
funny oh god bless you take Jackie
it started when Bonnie denied me my
Silas like immortality and of course
because Katherine Pierce can't be happy
with little vampire caliber more telling
that was amazing
like mortality of course because
Katherine Pierce can't be happy with
little vampire caliber turn your face
toward your mom okay we need to talk
about the traits it just stopped we've
gotta let go of the tracer stuff hate
you tick tock I really do I have so many
conflicted emotions here I have no right
to judge anyone looking like this
you think twenty twenty twelve pip I saw
me right now it would be proud do you
think he would laugh or would he lose
all right guys
epic new challenge throw a ball into a
trash can to end racism okay let's give
it a go see this is what happened it's a
guy
[Music]
oh that's right you goddamn right
tick-tock yours fell my fellow tick-tock
--is-- namaste thank you very cool hello
my darling Oh 13 years in Japan nani
nani deskah
son you nan desu ka' this is what
happens when you look like generic white
person that can grow a beard anyone
looks like you I don't know how many
times a day I guess someone sending me
is this you and there's someone taking a
picture of a rhino guys are subway or
some shit like they just stop taking
pictures of people it's not me even if
you see me it's not me I don't exist
please understand it's not that hard how
many times this is doing
okay that was pretty that was pretty
epic it wasn't really like haha but I
still appreciate it hey guys I found out
how to hold my phone without using my
hands
does it be a boy to do it though okay
we're gonna anything how do they do it
though I don't understand for real for
real though for real for real hey guys I
found out how to hold my phone without
using my hands
does it be a boy to do it though how do
you do how does that work how does that
freaking work what the ass
I don't understand what's making all
these kids so messed up
[Music]
[Applause]
that was great yeah no I should have
seen that coming
okay basically all you have to do one
take talk is just like safe it I don't
care if this is entertaining or even if
it makes sense I don't care I'm gonna
post this so that's what I did and it's
what I'm gonna keep doing there you go
that's tick tock summer ice and my
videos as well actually what a
coincidence boy some boys hit hit on my
boy slingshot sook right here and my boy
car key and my faves the end bit him up
give them some love
they don't say the N word that's a good
thing maybe I'll go they don't cuz
everybody has something in common and
what we have in common is it love us we
don't think really positive she's not
I'm joining I'm joining me back to my
fellow tick toddlers you want to look
nice and warm and crispy for Christmas
this is what you need
ugly Christmas sweaters calm slice
PewDiePie make sure their order now
together your time for Christmas that's
it for me bros my fell approach hope you
enjoy this video
and that's it for me for now goodbye
hopefully the next video will not make
me want to hate myself that would be
great thank you
[Music]
[Applause]